[Music]
the world has a way of changing but
there's one thing
that always stays the same you miss the
old life
deal every day
crank it all the way up
i believe you are the heir to the throne
of zamunda
yeah myself i shall bring queens to
zamunda he's supposed to be prince of
wakanda
wakanda is a fictional place not to
everybody
over here i'm a child of porsche again
the king pays no child support
no time support for 30 years and you
came back you was a dummy
coming to america march 5th ready pg-13
only on prime video hey i have an idea
how about i make that lasagna that you
love tonight
you know from scratch like i used
i used to work for some very dangerous
people
[Music]
they came after my family they stole my
kitty cat bracelet and you don't do
that give me that kitty cat bracelet
it's been a hell of a day it's done now
nobody
in theaters only april 2nd braided r are
we there yet
this beach it's beautiful my swimsuit is
hurting
they do look small come on let's play
hide and seek
have you seen my children mom i'm right
here
he was six years old this morning
oh no mom i'm scared
there's something wrong with this beach
we were chosen for a reason
what's happening i don't know i can't
think
oh only in theaters this summer
the limes were screaming
i tried to free them
i thought if i could save just one
[Music]
but he was so heavy i was so happy
i couldn't save them then
but i will never stop trying
[Music]
so who would like to start
mr barnes why does sam aggravate you
15 seconds to drop so what's our plan
great
[Music]
superheroes cannot be allowed
to exist
[Music]
i have no intention to leave my work
unfinished
[Music]
the wall's upside down right now
where do we start
i have a plan oh yeah what is it
is you ready here we go again huh
hello girl kick your ass
[Music]
see that wasn't so hard are you ready
just blank sweet jesus i mean how old
are you
our dad told us all these stories about
growing up here tell you it sucks
actually i think he kind of loved it
but we came here as a family it's too
dangerous for them to know
it's more dangerous if they don't you're
superman
no we've seen superman before we've seen
him
[Music]
you told the boys you're superman i
couldn't lie to them anymore
this is going to keep my family together
lark it's going to tear it apart
all the times you were gone you lied to
me you bolted
i can't just abandon the world
the world will always need superman
right now this family needs you more
superman and lois two-hour premiere
event tuesday february 23rd
stream free next day only on the cw app
you